Add OLM OperatorConditions docs (#28538)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-supported-operatorconditions.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/understanding/olm/olm-operatorconditions.adoc

[id="olm-supported-operatorconditions_{context}"]
= Supported conditions

Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) supports the following Operator conditions.

[id="olm-upgradeable-operatorcondition_{context}"]
== Upgradeable condition

> The `Upgradeable` Operator condition prevents an existing cluster service version (CSV) from being replaced by a newer version of the CSV. When the `Upgradeable` condition is set to `False`, OLM takes the following action:
> 
> * Prevent a CSV that replaces the existing CSV of an Operator from leaving the `Pending` phase.

Reviewer: Nit - feel free to ignore.
```suggestion
The `Upgradeable` Operator condition prevents an existing cluster service version (CSV) from being replaced by a newer version of the CSV. When the `Upgradeable` condition is set to `False`, OLM will prevent a CSV that replaces the existing CSV of an Operator from leaving the `Pending` phase.
```

> * Prevent a CSV that replaces the existing CSV of an Operator from leaving the `PendingPhase`.

Reviewer 2: `PendingPhase` should be `Pending` phase.

> The `Upgradeable` condition might be useful when:

Reviewer 3: s/might be/is

> * An Operator is about to start a critical process and should not be upgraded until after the process is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An Operator is about to start a critical process and should not be upgraded until the process is completed.
```
